<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<p>
		RichFaces provides set of functions for more convinient work with DOM tree and 
		to use some server side expressions.
	</p>
	<p>
		Here is the current list:
	</p>
	<ul>
	<li><b>rich:clientId(id)</b> - returns client Id for component by it's short id.</li>
	<li><b>rich:element(id)</b> - returns DOM element for the passed short id</li>
	<li><b>rich:component(id)</b> - returns richfaces client component instance to call some API method.</li>
	<li><b>rich:isUserInRole(role)</b> - returns is the user has specified role.</li>
	<li><b>rich:findComponent(id)</b> - returns component instance for given short id</li>
	</ul>
<p>For example the result of #{rich:element('input')} expression will be - document.getElementById('formId:input').</p>
<p>And here is one more simple example. There is no need in Bean creation in order to store the value. It's picked from component instance by using rich:findComponent call.</p>
	<h:form>
		 <h:inputText id="input">
		 	<a4j:ajax render="out"/>
		 </h:inputText>
		 <h:outputText value="#{rich:findComponent('input').value}" id="out"/>
	</h:form>
	<p>One more sample could be found at dataScroller API page. There are rich:component used for calling JS API of dataScroller.</p>
	<p>This set goes to be extended continously. Rise jira or forum requests if you have
	proposals on new useful functions.</p>
</ui:composition>