<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<ui:composition>
	<p>The panel is a rectangle area on a page that may contain any
	content including other panels. Panel has a header (optionally) and a
	body. The default look-n-feel is based on the current skin. Look-n-feel
	of any parts of the panel, including color scheme, borders and paddings
	can be customizable using with pre-defined number of CSS classes.</p>

	<rich:panel header="Panel with default Look-n-feel">
		<h:graphicImage value="/images/icons/common/rf.png"
			style="float:right" />
		RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for 
		easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
		<ul>
			<li>100+ AJAX enabled components in two libraries</li>
			<li>a4j: page centric AJAX controls</li>
			<li>rich: self contained, ready to use components</li>
			<li>Whole set of JSF benefits while working with AJAX</li>
			<li>Skinnability mechanism</li>
			<li>Component Development Kit (CDK)</li>
			<li>Dynamic resources handling</li>
			<li>Testing facilities for components, actions, listeners, and
			pages</li>
			<li>Broad cross-browser support</li>
			<li>Large and active community</li>
		</ul>
	</rich:panel>
	<p><b>Panel without header:</b></p>
	<rich:panel>
		<p><b>JSF 2 and RichFaces 4:</b></p>
		<p>We are working hard on RichFaces 4.0 which will have full JSF 2
		integration. That is not all though, here is a summary of updates and
		features:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>Redesigned modular repository and build system.</li>
			<li>Simplified Component Development Kit with annotations,
			faces-config extensions, advanced templates support and more..</li>
			<li>Ajax framework improvements extending the JSF 2
			specification.</li>
			<li>Component review for consistency, usability, and redesign
			following semantic HTML principles where possible.</li>
			<li>Both server-side and client-side performance optimization.</li>
			<li>Strict code clean-up and review.</li>
		</ul>
	</rich:panel>
</ui:composition>
</html>