<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/rich">

<ui:composition>
	<p>This section overviews main principles of standard components
	skinning with the Rich Faces framework.</p>
	<p>This feature provides styling for standard HTML form elements in
	order to be highly compilant with RichFaces common look'n'feel. There
	should be two ways of applying skins to elements:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Skinning style classes are applied to elements by element
		name and type attribute (where applicable). No additional steps are
		required from an application developer. Application initialization
		parameter serves for enabling/disabling the feature.</li>
		<li>Several style classes are provided for different types of
		elements. That style classes have predefined names. Application
		developer should manually assign classes to controls that need
		skinning or assign a class to an element that contains controls.</li>
	</ul>
	<p>Standard controls skinning feature provides 2 levels of
	skinning:</p>
	<ol>
		<li><b>Standard</b> - customization of only basic style
		properties.</li>
		<li><b>Extended</b> - extends basic level introducing
		customizations of a broader number of style properties</li>
	</ol>
	<p>Skinning level is calculated automatically at server side
	depending on user agent info.</p>
	<rich:panel><b>NOTE:</b>Extended skinning is not applied to browsers with
	rich visual styling for controls (e.g. Opera and Safari). Also advanced
	level of skinning requires support of CSS 2 attribute selectors either
	as implicit type attributes for button/textarea elements (e.g. IE7 in
	standards compilant mode) or CSS 3 draft namespace selectors (e.g.
	Mozilla Firefox).</rich:panel>

	<p>Here is the skinned form example. Note there is no styling in
	sources of that form</p>

	<rich:panel id="panel" width="300" height="230">
		<f:facet name="header">
				Standard components skinning
			</f:facet>
		<i> All the controls below is just standard JSF components skinned
		with Rich Faces: </i>
		<hr />
		<h:form>
			<h:panelGrid columns="2">
				<h:outputText value="Enter Name:" />
				<h:inputText id="input" />
				<h:outputText value="Enter you interests:" />
				<h:inputTextarea />
				<h:outputText value="Choose your favourite color" />
				<h:selectOneMenu>
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Red" itemValue="0" />
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Black" itemValue="1" />
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="Green" itemValue="2" />
					<f:selectItem itemLabel="White" itemValue="3" />
				</h:selectOneMenu>
			</h:panelGrid>
			<hr />
			<h:commandButton value="Action Button" />
			<h:commandLink value="Action Link" />
		</h:form>
	</rich:panel>

	<p>There three ways of applying skinning to application:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>By default <b>org.richfaces.ENABLE_CONTROL_SKINNING</b> context
		param is set to <b>true</b> and it means that all standard elements
		on the page will be skinned. (CSS style classes for elements based on
		their names and type attribute values will be applied). You may
		redefine it to <b>disable</b> in order to turn it off.</li>
		<li>By default <b>org.richfaces.ENABLE_CONTROL_SKINNING_CLASSES</b>
		context param is set to <b>false</b> and it means that basic elements
		nested to element having <i>rich-container</i> class will be skinned.
		It could be also turned off using <b>disable</b> value.</li>
		<li>RichFaces also provides predefined classes which can be
		applied by an end developer to elements need to be skinned separately.
		This classes added to the page also according to <b>org.richfaces.ENABLE_CONTROL_SKINNING_CLASSES</b>
		context-param.</li>
	</ul>

	<p>To get a better idea of standard component skinning we recommend
	to explore CSS files located in
	ui/core/src/main/resources/org/richfaces/ folder of RichFaces svn.</p>
</ui:composition>

</html>