<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">

	<ui:composition>
			<p>a4j:mediaOutput allows to generate images, video, sounds and other binary
			resources defined by a user on-the-fly.
			</p>
			<p><b>createContent</b> attribute references to the method that will be used 
			for content creating. The method accepts two parameters. The first parameter
			has an OutputStream type. It is a reference to the steam that should be used for output.
			The second parameter is a reference to a 'value' attribute of the component.
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>value</b> attribute references to data that can be used as input data for a content
			creator method. The data should be serializable because it is encoded to the URL
			of the resource. 
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>mimeType</b> attribute defines the type of output content. It is used to define 
			the corresponded type in the header of an HTTP response. 
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>cacheable</b> attribute is a flag that defines the caching strategy. If 'cacheable'
				is set to false, the response will not be cached. If it is set to true, it will be cached 
			and the serialized value of 'value' attribute plays the role of a cache key.
			</p>
			
		<p>Dynamically generated JPEG file:</p>
	
		<a4j:mediaOutput element="img" cacheable="false" session="true"
			createContent="#{mediaBean.paint}" value="#{mediaData}" mimeType="image/jpeg" />
		<br/><br/>	
	</ui:composition>

</html>