<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-US">

<ui:composition template="/resources/component.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
                xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
                xmlns:b="http://richfaces.org/sandbox/bootstrap">
    <ui:define name="body">
        <ui:param name="tag" value="modal" />
        
        <ui:include src="/resources/tocnavbar.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="sections" value="basic,custom,complex" />
        </ui:include>
        
        <h1><code>b:modal</code></h1>
        <p>The <code>b:modal</code> is used to display a modal panel in top of the current page.</p>
        
        <p>There is two ways to use the modal component : the <code>basic</code> one and the <code>custom</code> one. Learn in the two following examples.</p>
        
        <h2 id="basic">Basic usage</h2>
        
        <p>The basic usage of the modal suppose that your modal will be divided in 3 parts :</p>
        <ol>
            <li>the header : only containing the title of the modal, a h3 title by default. Can be set using the <code>header</code> attribute or the <code>header</code> facet.</li>
            <li>the body : it will be composed of the children of your modal component.</li>
            <li>the footer : should contains buttons or links in order to allow the user to interact with your modal. Can be set using the <code>footer</code> facet.</li>
        </ol>
        
        <p>Each part will be surrounded by a <code>div</code> tag with a specific CSS class (<code>modal-header</code>, <code>modal-body</code>, <code>modal-footer</code>). Those <code>div</code> will be generated for you.</p>

        <ui:include src="/resources/sample.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tag" value="modal" />
            <ui:param name="sample" value="basic" />
        </ui:include>
        
        <h2 id="custom">Custom usage</h2>

        <p>If the default structure doesn't correspond to your needs, you will probably want to customize with no restriction. You can do that of course. Just use a semantic component inside the modal and that's it! No more auto-generated <code>div</code>, you can put whatever you want inside your modal component. Here are the 3 semantic components that will make your modal custom:</p>
        
        <ol>
            <li><code>headerFacet</code></li>
            <li><code>bodyFacet</code></li>
            <li><code>footerFacet</code></li>
        </ol>
        
        <p>Of course, each one of those semantic components will generate its own <code>div</code> with the corresponding CSS class.</p>

        <ui:include src="/resources/sample.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tag" value="modal" />
            <ui:param name="sample" value="custom" />
        </ui:include>
        
        <h2 id="complex">Complex usage</h2>
        
        <p>Here is a more complex example. Let's say Lukas and Paul are good guys working, from time to time, on RichFaces Bootstrap.
          So if you like their work, feel free to give them a few bucks to buy a beer! They can't accept more than $100.</p>
        
        <p>In this sample, you will see:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>How to use a form around a classic modal and submit data</li>
          <li>How to use a form inside a custom modal and submit data</li>
          <li>How to include external source code inside a modal</li>
          <li>How to synchronize two modals based on the same bean</li>
          <li>How to use EL functions to show and hide modals on a particular JavaScript event</li>
          <li>How to render page content from a modal (inside or outside a form)</li>
          <li>How to have a conditional output depending on the value submitted inside the modal</li>
          <li>How to validate data inside a modal and only hide it if the data is valid</li>
        </ul>
        
        <p>For validation testing, try a non-number value, like "aaa", or a number greater than 100.</p>
        
        <ui:include src="/resources/sample.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tag" value="modal" />
            <ui:param name="sample" value="complex" />
        </ui:include>
        
        <ui:include src="/resources/sample.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tag" value="modal" />
            <ui:param name="sample" value="name-component" />
            <ui:param name="onlySource" value="true" />
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>